Live Paper Game
Foundry
Landing Page (Should be enticing)
Landing Scene
Map Page
Map Scene
Camp Page


Handout: Monster Zoologist Journal Entries


Handout: Artist Sketchbook Pages
Places
People


Dungeon Trace Maps


Party Page (Page for me to peruse, see what the party has to offer)





DM Story Notes and Dungeon Mastering Tips
(Planned
Spinning Wheel Game, Russian Roulette
Clock is for torch time usage and time traversing
Use Narrator Mode for Word prompts
Use Books as Lore Sources
Overhead in General Dungeons, Overworld
Isometric for towns
Platformer Side and Front for Specials
EasyRollTables Module on FVTT
Roll Tables More Roll Tables



Gamer
Know the Rules
Master Pacing and Choices
Adaptable Improvisation Playstyle
Adjust Rules and Homebrew
Gaming + Story
Storyteller
Story+Gaming
Meaningful Changes
Worldbuilding
Help Develop Characters
Excite Players
Etiquette and Extra
Prepwork
Performance
Logistics
Counsel
Appreciate the Players
Past Session Notes
Start menu is a book that opens up. Reveals player selection and dm plays.
Trailer of past key events in the story.
Small book tab to reveal previous session events and comics.
DM and Player selection image. Make the player’s image adventurers more brighter. Same with DM’s dragon.
Player selection is a group photo. Their player lights up on selection.
Pixel Art style still (Drawn art is unsettling with pixel art.
Have items dim. Lights up with selection.

Main
Have the players run into their previous location according to the last play.

Players influence the world. Quests change buildings, etc. graffiti disappears, etc. 


6 FEB 2022
-How to properly respond to mean characters?
-How to time manage
-How to always have Combat/Adventure/Social?


Co-DM Idea: Give the potential to have multiple DMs? Would be great to have additional DM’s join in.
True Strike: All monsters need a card for DM’s Reference. This will show the enemy's weakness. (Possibly outdate with a DM’s Notification Summon.

DM: Notification Summon and Typable Notification Handout.

Map
Subtle suggestions that players need to talk to determine their next move.

Stats: Radial Chart

Add Variables: Sanity, Hunger, Thirst, and Reputation.
Intelligence determines the information that the player gets when hovering over everything.

Encounter: Raise Voice: Mutes all players, except for the one talking. Mute lasts for 15 seconds. Can be used again after one minute.


After doing a new game module: Medieval Beer pong, etc.
Introduce this with at the next session with a quick example.

Health Portrait, animation slows down the lower the health. Faint: not moving.b



Campaign List for Mikey

A solid setting that everyone understands through paper art
A list of key events
In every session a combat, social and adventure component
Every encounter has foreshadowing
Combat is challenging because of environment
Social is when players need something from an NPC
Adventure is how to solve a puzzle
Characters need to have a motivation
Character is always moving towards the conclusion of their 5 point story
Characters NEED each other. A good story is made when a barbarian is given a challenge where at some point magic is needed.

Jason Notes:
Amethyst: Monarchy with Knights Police

Ranlean:Theocracy with Priests and Paladins (vatican)
RageTech: Religious Motif
Aralon: Diplomacy with Science
Podrigo visits each towns
Podrigo
St. Michael breaks into Podrigo’s House (open door)
Podrigo is practically untouchable, always just under law

Entity of Creation
Waterfall = flows like water.
Perpetual Machine

Clerics = Borrow magic from deity
Ghosts,though dead, are CLOSER TO DIETY
Different Names for Ghosts?
Afterlife Realm = Here-After 
KNown to other cultures also as Ghost Realm, But wrong
Dreams= Never Was Realm
‘First of the First, Never Last’
Mike: What is the Church of the First Practices?
Unmorrowed- Muggles
Not really bothered, but the chemists are.
 
 
Sheets
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
General Game Route
Script
Flavor Text
Sights
Sounds
Smell
Tastes
Feels
Character Sheets
Level Up Sheet per Player
Resting Options
Town Map
Photo off every Building and Area
Photo off every Notable NPC and Group
Town Encounters